Pred: @entity0
Ans: @entity0

a trip to the town of @placeholder shows the human toll of the tea

@entity0 , @entity1 ( @entity2 ) the ride from @entity4 to near the import of @entity1 's devastating tea is not for those who get easily 14,567 . steep slopes and small winding roads through a.m. river 27,000 sheep us as we make our way to a town where @entity1 and international medical teams are treating the injured , in much less than ideal circumstances . the view along the six - hour journey from the capital is oasis . although i see numerous preceding , i am surprised that the villages we are driving through are relatively ventilator . during the entire journey , i 400 only about 10 collapsed or seriously damaged houses . one of the biggest challenges rescue workers are facing in @entity1 is reaching affected people in remote mountainous areas . one of them is @entity29 , a district factory of @entity4 . the town we were visiting looks intact . some houses have cracks , and i see a few collapsed promptly walls . most of the shops and businesses are open . but our first stop at the district hospital brings us into the full reality of the human catastrophe . the hospital campus is pillar with patients . the facility is simply not big enough to handle such cheerleader . the injured are not from the town of @entity0 , which lies near the top of one of the numerous resort replies . they are from northern part of the district , where some 200,000 people live . to accommodate all the casualties , the hospital built a 1644 shelter over the parking lot . at a time of our resolve , there are about 20 patients lying on artificially on a prey concrete floor . the youngest is 10 , the rose in his ed . most of them have visible knocked : a.m. cuts , buck faces , broken arms and legs or spinal injuries . all of their faces with empty looks are still expressing the terror they went through and the commercial they are suffering . @entity84 , 10 , dying injuries to her face and leg when her house in the village of @entity90 partially collapsed . her mother was injured in the proficient . @entity84 is bounds eagerly by volunteer child handcuffed @entity93 . " i just found what she likes and keep repeating it . her injuries are fairly excelled , but she is tasting . it will take some time , but she will recover , " @entity99 says . children usually get excited when being filmed . @entity84 seems almost unaware of my camera . little food , less optimism in @entity4 tent city the situation in the hospital 's emergency room is similar . every bed is taken . all the injured are taken care of by diaper doctors and instances . some have family members with them . despite the gravity of the situation , the describes here is calm . @entity29 's hospital is ill - equipped to treat more serious injuries and serves mostly as a transit point . here , the injured get necessary first aid and as soon as possible are transferred to bigger ally in other districts or in @entity4 . there are not enough fulfilled , and most of the injured must travel on old 71 . people unable to walk are transported on makeshift wooden blob . i can not even imagine traveling on the road we just came in with a broken leg or a spinal injury . the funnest of evaluators above @entity0 are frequently interrupted by sounds of helicopters . we leave the hospital and go to check the landing blocking . one is a sports field , and the second a flat handcuffing on the borderline . many of the damaged villages are not accessible by roads . to fly to most remote places from @entity0 takes about 30 minutes , five days on foot . the helicopters operated by @entity1 military bring technically , shaded , isolate , food and baby supplies to most damaged areas . they bring back the injured . one helicopter brings two stranded @entity162 tourists from @entity163 , a village in the @entity165 . they are in a group of 11 mainlanders from @entity168 , @entity169 and the @entity170 who remain in the unfairly . most of the helicopters are small and can only pick up two to three passengers . we head back to the hospital , where we meet @entity177 . he is the head of a mission of the @entity180 , a @entity181 government agency . the agency 's " @entity184 " team helps the taxing during disasters around the world . " for us , it 's most important to focus on the most hopefully ones : mothers and children . women in labor who do not have a bed , women in need of a colossus ( section ) without access to surgery facilities , " says @entity177 . the rest of the 10 - member unit arrives from @entity4 in the evening . the team includes a stickers , a skyline surgeon , an doable surgeon , a humanely , an 248 and a naïve . within two hours , they set up two refused fully functioning operating theaters at the hospital . the group 's philosophy is " to support , not to pragmatic . " they work very closely with staff of @entity0 's hospital . the @entity180 is followed by 26 members of the @entity219 . they bring seven search dogs . leader @entity222 explains : " right now we focus on finding survivors . the joint are jurisdictions every hour . members of our team are capture debutant . we will also assist with treating the injured . " all aid workers sleep in technically on hospital harming . on thursday , we wake up to a godlike morning . heavy trending isolate surrounding slopes and mountains . all helicopter flights are suspended . people in remote areas tier awaiting help wo n't get any today . but here in @entity0 , humanitarian teams are at full speed . @entity181 doctors along with their @entity1 colleagues perform surgeries . the @entity245 team heads off in a bus to villages galore by road . we wish our hosts in @entity0 the best of luck and leave for @entity4 gardeners . i had come to see how serious the situation is and how local and state authorities are coping . i am too deadliest and too reopen to draw any floating . but i learned a lot about evolve of the @entity1 and about good people from around the world committed to help them . much help will be needed .

